update readme (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF_CustomLogonParameters: README.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T1145991)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->
# XAF - Customize Logon Parameters

> This example customizes standard authentication behavior and supply additional logon parameters in a XAF application. The default login form displays **User Name** and **Password** editors. This sample replaces **User Name** with **Company** and **Application User** lookup editors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example customizes standard authentication behavior and supplies additional logon parameters in an XAF application. The default login form displays **User Name** and **Password** editors. This sample replaces **User Name** with **Company** and **Application User** lookup editors.

```

![Login form](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/images/custom-logon-prameters-blazor.png)

> **Note**:
> * When first running a Blazor application, it does not create a database or populate lookup editors. To create a database, either log in with an empty username or start the Middle Tier server.
> * If using Middle Tier security, start the Middle Tier server before launching the Blazor or Win Forms client.

## Implementation Details

> 1. Define a [Company](./CS/EF/EFCoreCustomLogonAll.Module/BusinessObjects/Company.cs) class that contains company names. This class should contain a list of `ApplicationUser` objects as a part of a one-to-many relationship. Add the second part of this relationship to the [ApplicationUser](./CS/EF/EFCoreCustomLogonAll.Module/BusinessObjects/ApplicationUser.cs#L28) class generated by the [Template Kit](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/405447/installation-upgrade-version-history/visual-studio-integration/template-kit). Finally, add the `Company` class to your application's [DbContext](./CS/EF/EFCoreCustomLogonAll.Module/BusinessObjects/EFCoreCustomLogonAllDbContext.cs#L43).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define a [Company](./CS/EF/EFCoreCustomLogonAll.Module/BusinessObjects/Company.cs) class that contains company names. This class should contain a list of `ApplicationUser` objects as a part of a one-to-many relationship. Add the second part of this relationship to the [ApplicationUser](./CS/EF/EFCoreCustomLogonAll.Module/BusinessObjects/ApplicationUser.cs#L28) class generated by the [Template Kit](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/405447/installation-upgrade-version-history/visual-studio-integration/template-kit). Then, add the `Company` class to your application's [DbContext](./CS/EF/EFCoreCustomLogonAll.Module/BusinessObjects/EFCoreCustomLogonAllDbContext.cs#L43).

```
